thank you daddy Brad for sponsoring our
CES 2018 content check out there's six
skins in the link down below
we're here at high Perkin checking out
three awesome up-and-coming projects the
first one however is project Ultra GB
which is a current name not a final name
but we'll use that for now it's an
all-aluminum Gameboy that includes a ton
of awesome features like type-c charging
an RGB switching wheel to change the
color of the included backlight an
included audio amplifier left and right
audio channel output and potentially LS
DJ software coming from the start we're
not sure on that yet this is all because
it's being made with chip tune fanatics
in mind
my favorite feature however is the og
dot matrix display it looks awesome when
you actually do things on the Gameboy it
looks fantastic I like that they went
that extra step and made sure that it
was that much of an original product it
is gonna come in at hopefully slightly
under $100 but it looks great it sounds
great it feels great I just I'm I'm a
fan next up for the Atari 2600 fans out
there we have the retron 77 this is a
modern console so you have HDMI
1080p ode 16 by 9 aspect ratio or 4 by 3
but then it has the nice things that
you'd expect from an Atari 2600 like
difficulty changing a black and white
switch the option to have savestates
which I guess wasn't in the original but
you have now which is very nice because
could be really frustrating to not have
those in terms of firmware its
officially licensed ella emulation so
you'll load the rom from the cartridge
onto the drive and stella will make sure
that it all works ok and there will be
updates from high Perkin themselves but
you can also load your own firmware onto
the device if you would like as it is
open source and last but not least we
have the mega retron HD which as you may
guess is for Genesis and Mega Drive
systems although it's not emulation this
is just straight-up standard hardware
with 100% compatibility across the board
in terms of modern features you have
720p output over an HDMI connector 16 by
9 and 4 by 3 aspect ratio switches and
an NTSC pal switch to make sure that'll
work for you also there's a controller
in the box just like with the retro and
77 now as you guys know I'm a Nintendo
and Game Boy fanboy so I'm pretty
excited for project ultra GB but if
you're more of a Sega or Atari
let me know in the comments down below
and thank you to D Brandt for sponsoring
this video and all of our CES 2018
content they have awesome 3m vinyl skins
I can go on your phone your laptop many
other devices as well they have a bunch
of different textured stuff like their
dragon skin or their wood and they even
have marble finishes as well it looks
awesome and it also protects your device
from scratches or dents which is cool
it's not quite a case but they also have
those if you're interested as well again
check it out D brand calm /c es 2018 I
like the video if you liked it dislike
it if you're like why the heck did the
light just turn off and stay subscribe
to see all the rest of our CES 2018
content I'll see you next time